# #Monday, #May 17

---

## [[2021-05-17]]

---

### Kanban list planning, 10:57 AM

---

#### CanvasKanban things

Right now things are mostly stripped from the main template. The config is done and there's an empty `<KanbanBoard>` component being rendered.

The old code for producing the request is there; it needs to be updated so that a single request is made for each of the different drop down types that have been designated for making the lanes.

---

#### Data prep

Right now the basic fields are determined and then records are fetched. We need to get the initial fields and then make separate requests for each lane. Then all of this data needs to be combined into a single Record structure for SortableList.

Data to pass to `<KanbanBoard>`:
- laneHeaders
- laneKeys
- laneData









#### SortableList Improvements Needed

There are a number of things SortableList still can't do that we need for the Kanban, they are listed and described below.

##### Empty List State

Devs need to be able to show something if there currently isn't anything in the list. Maybe let them define that in the opening tag of the component, as children. If there are items, then simply don't render children.

##### Overlay Strategy

We need to let devs decide if they want overlays that follow the currently dragged item or if the item should remain in place, stationary (to match what Matt has in mockups for the Kanban board.)

maybe...

`overlayStrategy: 'stationary' | 'follow'` where "stationary" is the default







